Update links in eslint-parser README (#13155)
babel/babel: eslint/babel-eslint-parser/README.md

If you have an issue, please first check if it can be reproduced with the default parser and with the latest versions of `eslint` and `@babel/eslint-parser`. If it is not reproducible with the default parser, it is most likely an issue with `@babel/eslint-parser`.

> For questions and support please visit the [`#discussion`](https://babeljs.slack.com/messages/discussion/) Babel Slack channel (sign up [here](https://slack.babeljs.io/)) or the ESLint [Gitter](https://gitter.im/eslint/eslint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions and support please visit the [`#discussion`](https://babeljs.slack.com/messages/discussion/) Babel Slack channel (sign up [here](https://slack.babeljs.io/)) or the [ESLint Discord server](https://eslint.org/chat).
```
